hello YouTube is Andrew again hey I'm
not gonna show you me right now report
it anyways new cab I don't know if you
can see me or not but that's an open
back cab made by a B custom audio I got
it for an 85 bucks custom-made seriously
dude that rocks
anyways came unloaded sauron gave me a
Celestion blew a 30 watt Celestion blue
yes 30 watts and I've replaced my box
time machine with the genie 20 way back
in the day I had the DD 20 and I decided
that that's really what I needed
anyways let's give you a little demo of
kind of the newer stuff here's my clean
just a regular D chord
maybe attitude
you so yes my clings home yes you did
here little phone alright here is just
my overdrive
here's a boost on
I won't show you my walk as kind of
self-conscious
you
mm-hm
check out the
you
that's cool
let's try some volume swells going to be
added in modulation setting quarter note
modulation in tandem with the BAS DD
twenty two three four kick in some
overdrive and a fat boost and check this
out
yeah so that's about it chimes patient